Cheezburger
==========

HTML5 mobile web app game powered by Heroku and Salesforce

This is an entry for [a CloudSpoke challenge](http://www.cloudspokes.com/challenges/1536).

Live presentation: http://cheezburger.herokuapp.com

## Features

* Our favorite cheezburger cat meme is finally arrived as a mobile game!
* Game can be opened right from mobile browser (iPhone users should add it to their home screen for maximum experience, and
there are in-game instructions for this)
* Using Geolocation API for locating the nearest franchise location from salesforce records, score is submitted specifically to that store
* Using W3C motion API for controlling the game (tilting the phone)
* All kind of crazy CSS transforms
* Leaderboard/High Score based on specific store location

## Configuration

* `conf/config.json` contains all salesforce related OAuth2 credentials you need for basic setup
(You need to generate OAuth credentials in database.com, under the menu Develop -> Remote Access, and copy the client ID,
secret and callback fields to the config. For username use your username, for passwordAndToken use your password +
a token generated by My Personal Information -> Reset My Security Token)
* If you need to modify backend logic (for example you need a bit different database.com fields, etc.), it's very straightforward in
the `/lib/salesforce-connector.js` file
* If you want to customize the UI, you will find the css/images in the `/web` directory

## Deployment

* Create heroku app with `heroku create app-name --stack cedar`, and deploy it with `git push`,
it will be instantly available under a .herokuapp.com domain

## Database.com relations

The sample setup is the following (according to the challenge requirements):

* `Account__c` object with `lat__c` and `long__c` fields, which are Number(3, 6) data types. This is a list
of franchise locations.
* Patron name is stored in `patron__c` object with field `Name`. Basically they are the users of our game.
* Each score submission is stored in `score__c` object with field `points__c`, with lookup relationship to account and patron.

When a user submits a score, a new score record is always created. A new patron record is also created, if the patron's name did
not exist before.

## License

MIT license
